content/posts/2018/style-guide/index.md, before:

---
title: "Style Guide"
date: 2017-08-18-15-30
author: curious-cat
category: blog
tags:
  - gatsby
---

## Headers

# Look Monkey 🙈

## Look Monkey 🙉🙈

### Look Monkey 🙊🙉🙈

#### Look Monkey 🐵🙊🙉🙈

##### Look Monkey 🐒🐵🙊🙉🙈

###### Look Monkey 🦍🐒🐵🙊🙉🙈

---

## Emphasis

Emphasis, aka italics, with _asterisks_ or _underscores_.

Strong emphasis, aka bold, with **asterisks** or **underscores**.

Combined emphasis with **asterisks and _underscores_**.

Strikethrough uses two tildes. ~~Scratch this.~~

---

## Lists

1. First ordered list item
2. Another item ⋅⋅\* Unordered sub-list.
3. Actual numbers don't matter, just that it's a number ⋅⋅1. Ordered sub-list
4. And another item.

⋅⋅⋅You can have properly indented paragraphs within list items. Notice the blank line above, and the leading spaces (at least one, but we'll use three here to also align the raw Markdown).

⋅⋅⋅To have a line break without a paragraph, you will need to use two trailing spaces.⋅⋅ ⋅⋅⋅Note that this line is separate, but within the same paragraph.⋅⋅ ⋅⋅⋅(This is contrary to the typical GFM line break behaviour, where trailing spaces are not required.)

- Unordered list can use asterisks

* Or minuses

- Or pluses

---

## Links

[I'm an inline-style link](https://www.google.com)

[I'm an inline-style link with title](https://www.google.com "Google's Homepage")

[I'm a reference-style link][arbitrary case-insensitive reference text]

[I'm a relative reference to a repository file](../blob/master/LICENSE)

[You can use numbers for reference-style link definitions][1]

Or leave it empty and use the [link text itself].

URLs and URLs in angle brackets will automatically get turned into links. http://www.example.com or <http://www.example.com> and sometimes example.com (but not on Github, for example).

Some text to show that the reference links can follow later.

[arbitrary case-insensitive reference text]: https://www.mozilla.org
[1]: http://slashdot.org
[link text itself]: http://www.reddit.com

---

## Images

Here's our logo (hover to see the title text):

Inline-style: ![alt text](https://github.com/adam-p/markdown-here/raw/master/src/common/images/icon48.png "Logo Title Text 1")
Inline-style: ![alt text](/images/test.png "Logo Title Text 1")

Reference-style: ![alt text][logo]

[logo]: https://github.com/adam-p/markdown-here/raw/master/src/common/images/icon48.png "Logo Title Text 2"

---

## Code

```javascript
var s = "JavaScript syntax highlighting";
alert(s);
```

```python
s = "Python syntax highlighting"
print s
```

```
No language indicated, so no syntax highlighting.
But let's throw in a <b>tag</b>.
```

---

## Tables

Colons can be used to align columns.

| Tables        |      Are      |   Cool |
| ------------- | :-----------: | -----: |
| col 3 is      | right-aligned | \$1600 |
| col 2 is      |   centered    |   \$12 |
| zebra stripes |   are neat    |    \$1 |

There must be at least 3 dashes separating each header cell. The outer pipes (|) are optional, and you don't need to make the raw Markdown line up prettily. You can also use inline Markdown.

| Markdown | Less      | Pretty     |
| -------- | --------- | ---------- |
| _Still_  | `renders` | **nicely** |
| 1        | 2         | 3          |

---

## Blockquotes

> Blockquotes are very handy in email to emulate reply text. This line is part of the same quote.

Quote break.

> This is a very long line that will still be quoted properly when it wraps. Oh boy let's keep writing to make sure this is long enough to actually wrap for everyone. Oh, you can _put_ **Markdown** into a blockquote.

---

## Inline HTML

<dl>
  <dt>Definition list</dt>
  <dd>Is something people use sometimes.</dd>

  <dt>Markdown in HTML</dt>
  <dd>Does *not* work **very** well. Use HTML <em>tags</em>.</dd>
</dl>

---

## Line Breaks

Here's a line for us to start with.

This line is separated from the one above by two newlines, so it will be a _separate paragraph_.

This line is also a separate paragraph, but... This line is only separated by a single newline, so it's a separate line in the _same paragraph_.

Commit message:

Not finished Blog Design
* Add navbar prototype

* Add basic footer

* Add frontpage draft

* Improve small details in post listing

* Improve article card

* Add news card

* Add proper main image size

* Improve post listing

* Fix layout after rebase

* Add frontpage draft

* Add basic post layout

* Fix after rebase

* Add rounded corners to article photos

* Try to remove image from article

* Try to fix image by relative path

* Try to fix image by img element

* Try to fix image by url as a string

* Back to non working version

* Try to fix images by removing manifest plugin

* Use image in static files

* Fix test image path

* Try to use cover in same way as static image

* Remove plugin for images

* Add relative url

* Finally fix article image

* Try to use relative url

* Add plugin for image transformations

* Fix layout width

* Add cover also to other articles and add back button to article

* Add another image example to style guide

* Delete all files

content/posts/2018/style-guide/index.md, after:

---
title: "Style Guide"
date: 2017-08-18-15-30
author: curious-cat
category: blog
description: "German inventor Johannes Gutenberg developed a method of movable type and used it to create one of the western world’s first major printed books, the “Forty–Two–Line” Bible."
tags:
  - gatsby
---

## Headers

# Look Monkey 🙈

## Look Monkey 🙉🙈

### Look Monkey 🙊🙉🙈

#### Look Monkey 🐵🙊🙉🙈

##### Look Monkey 🐒🐵🙊🙉🙈

###### Look Monkey 🦍🐒🐵🙊🙉🙈

---

## Emphasis

Emphasis, aka italics, with _asterisks_ or _underscores_.

Strong emphasis, aka bold, with **asterisks** or **underscores**.

Combined emphasis with **asterisks and _underscores_**.

Strikethrough uses two tildes. ~~Scratch this.~~

---

## Lists

1. First ordered list item
2. Another item ⋅⋅\* Unordered sub-list.
3. Actual numbers don't matter, just that it's a number ⋅⋅1. Ordered sub-list
4. And another item.

⋅⋅⋅You can have properly indented paragraphs within list items. Notice the blank line above, and the leading spaces (at least one, but we'll use three here to also align the raw Markdown).

⋅⋅⋅To have a line break without a paragraph, you will need to use two trailing spaces.⋅⋅ ⋅⋅⋅Note that this line is separate, but within the same paragraph.⋅⋅ ⋅⋅⋅(This is contrary to the typical GFM line break behaviour, where trailing spaces are not required.)

- Unordered list can use asterisks

* Or minuses

- Or pluses

---

## Links

[I'm an inline-style link](https://www.google.com)

[I'm an inline-style link with title](https://www.google.com "Google's Homepage")

[I'm a reference-style link][arbitrary case-insensitive reference text]

[I'm a relative reference to a repository file](../blob/master/LICENSE)

[You can use numbers for reference-style link definitions][1]

Or leave it empty and use the [link text itself].

URLs and URLs in angle brackets will automatically get turned into links. http://www.example.com or <http://www.example.com> and sometimes example.com (but not on Github, for example).

Some text to show that the reference links can follow later.

[arbitrary case-insensitive reference text]: https://www.mozilla.org
[1]: http://slashdot.org
[link text itself]: http://www.reddit.com

---

## Images

Image in article: 

<div class="picture-note">
Jakub Neštřil, Autor: Tomáš Znamenáček
</div>


Here's our logo (hover to see the title text):

Inline-style: ![alt text](https://github.com/adam-p/markdown-here/raw/master/src/common/images/icon48.png "Logo Title Text 1")

Reference-style: ![alt text][logo]

[logo]: https://github.com/adam-p/markdown-here/raw/master/src/common/images/icon48.png "Logo Title Text 2"

---

## Code

```javascript
var s = "JavaScript syntax highlighting";
alert(s);
```

```python
s = "Python syntax highlighting"
print s
```

```
No language indicated, so no syntax highlighting.
But let's throw in a <b>tag</b>.
```

---

## Tables

Colons can be used to align columns.

| Tables        |      Are      |   Cool |
| ------------- | :-----------: | -----: |
| col 3 is      | right-aligned | \$1600 |
| col 2 is      |   centered    |   \$12 |
| zebra stripes |   are neat    |    \$1 |

There must be at least 3 dashes separating each header cell. The outer pipes (|) are optional, and you don't need to make the raw Markdown line up prettily. You can also use inline Markdown.

| Markdown | Less      | Pretty     |
| -------- | --------- | ---------- |
| _Still_  | `renders` | **nicely** |
| 1        | 2         | 3          |

---

## Blockquotes

> Blockquotes are very handy in email to emulate reply text. This line is part of the same quote.

Quote break.

> This is a very long line that will still be quoted properly when it wraps. Oh boy let's keep writing to make sure this is long enough to actually wrap for everyone. Oh, you can _put_ **Markdown** into a blockquote.

---

## Inline HTML

<dl>
  <dt>Definition list</dt>
  <dd>Is something people use sometimes.</dd>

  <dt>Markdown in HTML</dt>
  <dd>Does *not* work **very** well. Use HTML <em>tags</em>.</dd>
</dl>

---

## Line Breaks

Here's a line for us to start with.

This line is separated from the one above by two newlines, so it will be a _separate paragraph_.

This line is also a separate paragraph, but... This line is only separated by a single newline, so it's a separate line in the _same paragraph_.
